Support Velero 1.4 (#981)
SUSE/doc-caasp: adoc/admin-velero-prereqs.adoc

helm repo add suse https://kubernetes-charts.suse.com
----

=== Object Storage And Its Credentials

Velero uses object storage to store backups and associated artifacts.

> It can also optionally create snapshots of persistent volume and store them in object storage by `restic` if there is no supported volume snapshot provider.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It can also optionally create snapshots of persistent volumes and store them in object storage via `restic` if there is no supported volume snapshot provider.
```
